hey guys is Evan anyone yet again doing
a review on my second Kershaw shallot
this is the stronger steal one so let's
get started here we got the Kershaw
Charlotte with one of the strongest
deals out today well not strongest but
greatest it's the CMP s 110v steel it's
like super hard but it this deal is on
the Rockwell rating rock welding at 64
and 66 which is tougher than the GDP 189
from hitachi which is on the other come
Kershaw shallot with the composite blade
I'll open it up let's open it up it has
a greater resistance to corrosion then
this GDP 189 people call it the new
super steel but i don't know i haven't
used this and I'm Newton to this kind of
steel so I'll just have to see they only
made 535 of each run meaning and then we
made 535 of the plain edge and 5 35 of
the combo edge with the serrations so
it's limited edition so is the composite
blade but yeah and like you can see the
contrast between the blade and the
handle the blade is a little bit darker
than the handle and all it has the black
screws I think this is like this knife
is awesome it is awesome hello same as
the other Kershaw has a 7-inch with 88
the blade length is three and a half
inches the blade steel is CM CPM s 110v
it's plain edge
how same as the other crush of it it has
a 410 stainless steel handle its frame
lock and it has a pocket clip that can
be reversed too and I'll get a close-up
on the writing of the sea pm steel it
doesn't say s here but the s simply
means steel here we go right there and
on the other side it just says the model
number patent pending mating us this one
this knife was also made October of this
year which is awesome because October is
my birthday and see the black screws
there too and as I said in the other
review of the other Kershaw shallot that
that other one was thin this one has a
bigger blade to it and i'll i'll show
you like right now let me get the other
knife it's in my back pocket and i'll
close this so i can stand up on itself
and like you can see it this one is much
thicker than the other one
slightly which it's thicker let's see if
it sits on its back yes it does bring it
as close as I can see how thick it is
compared to the other one and there go
you can see it better there
so I have no reason I don't know why it
is but it's nice i like it so I haven't
made up my mind yet which one I'll be ed
seeing but just I I know it's one of
them it has to be I think I'll carry
both of them around for a while and I'll
see which one's better I'm talking steel
wise so yeah I'm doing a review on the
Kershaw Charlotte with the CPM s 110v
steel it's wonderful these nights the
both of them were kind of pricey yeah
this one was going for like 90 bucks 80
90 bucks but I talked down the guy I got
it off of ebay and i only paid seventy
seventy dollars even but it was like 75
with shipping and on this one i paid
about the same price for it even though
this has a better steel than that so you
can't complain so yeah is that my 91
signing out